E:\Project\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\bin\Windows Phone\Release\StarEffect.dll
E:\Project\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\bin\Windows Phone\Release\StarEffect.pdb
E:\Project\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\obj\Windows Phone\Release\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
E:\Project\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\obj\Windows Phone\Release\StarEffect.dll
E:\Project\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\obj\Windows Phone\Release\StarEffect.pdb
E:\Project\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\bin\Windows Phone\Release\AppManifest.xaml
E:\Project\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\obj\Windows Phone\Release\WMAppManifest.xml.g
E:\Project\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\obj\Windows Phone\Release\WMAppManifest.xml
bin\Windows Phone\Release\
E:\Project\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\bin\Windows Phone\Release\StarEffect.xap
E:\Project\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\obj\Windows Phone\Release\XapCacheFile.xml
E:\Project\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\particle_texture.xnb
E:\Project\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\particle_texture1.xnb
E:\Project\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\obj\Windows Phone\Release\StarEffect.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
h:\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\particle_texture.xnb
h:\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\bin\Windows Phone\Release\Content\particle_texture1.xnb
h:\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\bin\Windows Phone\Release\StarEffect.dll
h:\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\bin\Windows Phone\Release\StarEffect.pdb
h:\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\obj\Windows Phone\Release\StarEffect.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
h:\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\obj\Windows Phone\Release\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
h:\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\obj\Windows Phone\Release\StarEffect.dll
h:\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\obj\Windows Phone\Release\StarEffect.pdb
h:\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\bin\Windows Phone\Release\AppManifest.xaml
h:\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\obj\Windows Phone\Release\WMAppManifest.xml.g
h:\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\obj\Windows Phone\Release\WMAppManifest.xml
h:\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\bin\Windows Phone\Release\StarEffect.xap
h:\BlastGamePort\StarEffect\StarEffect\obj\Windows Phone\Release\XapCacheFile.xml
